we started I know why all you folks have
come this afternoon you come to see what
a McLaren pay for it and I said them you
pay a nice thick deposit and then
default that's the only way my message
is going to let me have another engine I
tell you what if I was gonna have
another engine I'd be delighted to take
this home I really really would unique
engine a super engine three-speed barrel
with I love the way the belly it's got
powerful sized back wheels it's exactly
as it came in here as far as we know
it's only been to that one hamat and
rally since it's been up this end before
that you know a happy life in Cornwall
was back I don't need a preacher at the
right trailer but it doing just one
thing I will say we've put to cut back
on it all of the plates and brasses we
can find the steal hubcaps occur here
behind me in there they're the ones
mister then asked and put on off
westward ho when he took the brass ones
off this one and put long wire at home
much to mr. gundar's discussed and if
the Gundry had new brass ones made to go
on and that's the ones we put on though
for mr. ghungroo alright so we got the
brass ones off we are missing the two
viral plates for the front end and we're
missing the Semper Fidelis plate we
believe they're in the house mr. gunnery
showed them to mrs. gundrick some time
ago they were wrapped up in paper and
she she will recognize them again and I
can't promise you you'll get them
because I can't promise we're gonna find
them but if we do find them you will get
them and you will get them free of
charge I understand there was a rumor
traveling that we might charge extra for
the plates later on if we come across
them we will not do that
we come across those plates mrs. Condren
we'll make sure if whoever buys this
engine today has them for themselves
straight off all right
you're not going to need the plates for
there - are you okay well how much more
you want me to say I don't know let's
get on with it because there's some
folks you're getting twitching right the
conundrum of the day what should we say
where should we start I'd like to say
250 let's say we're gonna start in 200
who's got the courage to do it
starting 200 who's got the courage to do
it okay hundred no sir I'll take it 150
to go 150 I've got 150 160 170 180 190
200 200
who's shouting 210 210 220 by two people
over there be careful
220 220 220 230 240 240 240 250 260 260
70 to 80 to 82 82 1893 three thirty
three hundred thousand three hundred
thousand three hundred thousand six and
five three hundred thousand all shore
three hundred thousand favor no 300,000
300,000 pounds versa five coming from
three hundred thousand need three
hundred thousand months everybody
certain then in three hundred thousand
yes
Amazon bidding three how many 310 310
310 315 315 315 I wouldn't guarantee
when the next ones coming along
I know I got another rotor in a month's
time but I've got another one of these
315 315 315 up to you sir 315 20 320 320
thousand five 325 30 330 330 foolin
anybody else in three hundred and thirty
thousand burns and yes whoo - 535 335
335 335 afternoon's entertainment 335
what do you tell me 335 you're an animal
no sir
it's 335 in 335 40 or nose in 335 soul
parting now almost disappointed to stop
yes sir number 68